chore: update faq (#169)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/faqs.md

### Q: I have deployed Chaos Mesh and created PodChaos experiments successfully, but I still failed in creating NetworkChaos/TimeChaos Experiment. The log is shown as below:

```console
2020-06-18T02:49:15.160Z ERROR controllers.TimeChaos failed to apply chaos on all pods {"reconciler": "timechaos", "error": "rpc error: code = Unavailable desc = connection error: desc = \"transport: Error while dialing dial tcp xx.xx.xx.xx:xxxx: connect: connection refused\""}
```

> This is caused by `chaos-controller-manager` failing to connect to `chaos-daemon`, you can first check the pod network and its [policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason is that `chaos-controller-manager` failed to connect to `chaos-daemon`. You need to first check the Pod network and its [policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/).
```

If everything is in order, maybe you can use the `hostNetwork` parameter to fix this problem as follows:

<PickHelmVersion>{`helm upgrade chaos-mesh chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh -n chaos-testing --version latest --set chaosDaemon.hostNetwork=true`}</PickHelmVersion>

> Ref: <https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/troubleshooting-kubeadm/#hostport-services-do-not-work>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference: <https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/troubleshooting-kubeadm/#hostport-services-do-not-work>
```

The `USER_ACCOUNT` above should be your Google Cloud user email.

> ### Q: Daemon throws an error similar to `version 1.41 is too new. Maximum supported API version is 1.39`
> 
> This indicates that the maximum API version that the docker daemon can accept is `1.39`, but the client in chaos-daemon uses `1.41` by default. You can choose two options to solve this problem:
> 
> 1. Upgrade your docker to a newer version.
> 2. Helm install/upgrade with `--set chaosDaemon.env.DOCKER_API_VERSION=1.39`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Q: Daemon throws an error similar to `version 1.41 is too new. The maximum supported API version is 1.39`

This indicates that the maximum API version that the Docker daemon can accept is `1.39`, but the client in `chaos-daemon` uses `1.41` by default. You can choose the following options to solve this problem:

1. Upgrade your Docker to a newer version.
2. Helm install/upgrade with `--set chaosDaemon.env.DOCKER_API_VERSION=1.39`.
```
